fix(am): addition of migration note for 4.0 about MongoDB indexes (#1036)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/am/3.x/installation-guide/installation-guide-migration.adoc

WARNING: Make sure to run scripts on the correct database since `gravitee-am` is not always the default database! Check your db name by running `show dbs`.

== Upgrade to 4.0.0

NOTE: For more information about the breaking changes of this version, see link:{{ '/am/current/am_breaking_changes_4.0.html' | relative_url }}[Breaking changes in 4.0]

=== MongoDB indexes

> Starting from AM 3.21, the MongoDB indexes are now named using the first letter of the fields that compose the index. This change will allow to manage automatically indexes creation on DocumentDB. Before starting the Management API service, please execute the following link:https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-access-management/blob/3.21.x/gravitee-am-repository/gravitee-am-repository-mongodb/src/main/resources/scripts/create-index.js[script] to delete indexes and recreate them with the right convention.

Reviewer: This link is broken

Reviewer 2: Could it be related to the fact that the repository is now private ?

Reviewer: Probably.

Author: Link should be fixed by using the gh.gravitee.io proxy

> Starting from AM 3.21, the MongoDB indexes are now named using the first letter of the fields that compose the index. This change will allow to manage automatically indexes creation on DocumentDB. Before starting the Management API service, please execute the following link:https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-access-management/blob/3.21.x/gravitee-am-repository/gravitee-am-repository-mongodb/src/main/resources/scripts/create-index.js[script] to delete indexes and recreate them with the right convention.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from AM 4.0, the MongoDB indexes are now named using the first letter of the fields that compose the index. This change will allow to manage automatically indexes creation on DocumentDB. Before starting the Management API service, please execute the following link:https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-access-management/blob/master/gravitee-am-repository/gravitee-am-repository-mongodb/src/main/resources/scripts/create-index.js[script] to delete indexes and recreate them with the right convention.
```
